In this video we will learn how to create a custom function only user schema.
They will do the password comparing.
So to take a look at here the objective in this video is to compare the password you enter with a password
in the database to see whether they are match or not.
So what are you waiting for.
Let's go and dive in to go back to our used to do and right below here.
Topping our
to create a custom function you have to add methods than any member of your choice by group has a function
called comparison technical way.
Does it compare between a password that you type in with a password that has been encrypted in the database.
So technically will pass in the password that you type in and the password in the database.
That's it.
In this video we learn how to create a custom function which is to compare password that the user types
in and in the database in the next video we will create another custom function that will generate a
custom image every time a user sign up.
I'll see you guys in the next video.